---
slug: mondoo-6.4-is-out/
title: Mondoo 6.4 is out!
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

🥳 Mondoo 6.4 is out! This release includes new GitHub resources and improvements to the Linux Baseline policy.

---

Get this release: [Installation Docs](/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/mondoo/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/client)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### New GitHub Resource Capabilities

**Problem:** Customers want to write Mondoo policies to ensure the security of their GitHub repositories and organizations

**Solution:** Mondoo is writing resources to allow users to gather critical information about the security stance of their GitHub Organization and any public repositories they wish to examine.

Connect to mondoo shell to begin discovering more about your GitHub infrastructure:

```shell
mondoo shell -t github --option token=${GH_TOKEN} --option login=USERNAME

mondoo shell -t github --option token=${GH_TOKEN} --option organization=ORGANIZATION_NAME
```

Ask questions and discover:

```shell
github.organization { repositories { files { path type  isBinary files { path type  isBinary files  } } }}

github.repository("chris-rock/bubbletea") { files { content} }
```

Assess:

```shell
github.organization { repositories { default=defaultBranchName branches.where(name == default) { protected }}}

github.repository("chris-rock/bubbletea") { archived == false hasIssues == true}
```

Keep an eye out for our GitHub Security Policy that should be shipping in the next month :tada:

### New Enterprise Windows Installer

**Problem:** Customers want to fully automate the installation of Mondoo on Windows using MDM or configuration management solutions.

**Solution:** A new enterprise Mondoo MSI Installer (mondoo-enterprise.msi) has been created to make the automated setup of Mondoo simpler. This new installer requires a `REGISTRATIONTOKEN` value, which it uses to automatically register the system with Mondoo and then start the service.

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Improved Linux Baseline Policy

**Problem:** Customers want the best possible out of the box policies for securing their Linux systems

**Solution:** Update the Linux Security Baseline policy to provide additional security recommendations as well as more reliable checks. All checks involving systemd services now check to see if the service is both running and enabled. The `Ensure filesystem integrity is regularly checked` query now matches the remediation steps. We also updated a number of remediation steps to include SLES instructions.

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Improve the display of the Mondoo Console on mobile devices
- Display error messages when the AWS integrations fail to scan instances
- Add links to OpenShift and cert-manager on the K8s Integration setup page
- Fix invalid example code in the 'Generate Long-Lived Credentials' Integration page
- Return actual asset error when scanning on CLI without policies set
- Fix remediation steps for privileged containers in the Kubernetes Application Benchmark by Mondoo
- Fix the Mondoo Client Windows service failing to stop
- Various fixes to the junit output from Mondoo Client
- Only scan unique container images when running `mondoo scan k8s --discover=all`
- Remove version checks in the Mondoo Operator that block upgrading an existing operator
