---
slug: mondoo-5.31.0-is-out/
title: Mondoo 5.31.0 is out!
description: Announcing the 5.31 release of Mondoo, the security and compliance platform that prioritizes risks that matter most in your infrastructure.
authors: [chip]
tags: [release, mondoo, operator, kubernetes, aws, tutorials]
---

🥳 mondoo 5.31.0 is out!

### 🎉 NEW FEATURES

**New Getting Started Guide for AWS**

We've launched a new getting started path for people who want to [Try out Mondoo with AWS](https://console.mondoo.com/aws-guide). Learn how to set up Mondoo in AWS CloudShell or your local laptop, and policy scan your AWS account in just a few minutes.

We've also revamped the Getting Started section of the [Mondoo documentation site](https://mondoo.com/docs/). We've released new tutorials for getting started not just with AWS, but also Azure, Google Cloud, Kubernetes, VMware, Docker, and more.

**CIS Amazon Linux 2 Policy Certification**

This week, the "CIS Amazon Linux 2" policy becomes the eleventh addition to Mondoo's suite of CIS-certified policies. For more information about our growing collection of CIS-certified policies, see the [Mondoo 5.29.1 Release Notes](./2022-03-01-mondoo-5.29.1-is-out.md) from earlier this month.

**Expanded Platform Support with Chef Infra**

The [Mondoo Chef Infra Cookbook](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/mondoo) 0.3.0 is out with expanded platform support for openSUSE, SLES, Fedora, Rocky Linux, and Scientific Linux distros. Use this cookbook to install Mondoo Client and register new nodes automatically with Mondoo Platform.

### 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

**Terraform Improvements**

- 🐛 Bugfixes to the Terraform AWS policy.
- ⭐️ Terraform support has been updated to better support breaking changes in Terraform providers.

**Kubernetes Operator Improvements**

- ⭐️ Prometheus metrics are now exposed by the operator.

**MQL Improvements**

- `containerImage` and `containerRepository` are now supported MQL resources.
