---
slug: mondoo-7.6-is-out/
title: Mondoo 7.6 is out!
description: Announcing the 7.6 release of Mondoo, the security and compliance platform that prioritizes risks that matter most in your infrastructure.
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 7.6 is out! This release includes improvements to asset naming and bug fixes.

Get this release: [Installation Docs](/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/mondoo/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/client)

---

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### New --asset-name CLI flag

The mondoo and cnspec CLIs include a new `--asset-name` flag that allows you to control the name of the asset when registering with Mondoo Platform.

### Fetch instance name using EC2 metadata

When connecting to instances using EC2 Instance Connect or SSM, Mondoo now identifies assets based on the instance name (from AWS metadata).

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Remove deprecated `mondoo scan` syntax from the deprecated Mondoo policies to prevent failures on Mondoo Client 7.x.
- Fix warnings when scanning Kubernetes clusters.
- Update invalid credential message from the Slack provider to mention Slack.
- Improve the warning in the `kernel` resource when running on an unsupported platform.
- Add missing Google Workspaces, Slack, and Okta scan examples to the Workstation integration page.
- Update the suggested policies during the Kubernetes integration setup to include the latest Mondoo and NSA Kubernetes policies.
- Remove references to Windows from the Ubuntu integration page.
- Lower memory usage in the Kubernetes admission controller.
- Skip scanning events in the Kubernetes admission controller when only the managedFields changed.
