---
slug: mondoo-8.15-is-out/
title: Mondoo 8.15 is out!
description: Announcing the 8.15 release of Mondoo, the security and compliance platform that prioritizes risks that matter most in your infrastructure.
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 8.15 is out! This release includes new MQL helpers, updated platform end of life data, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### New MQL helpers

Everyone needs a little help sometimes, so we've added new helpers to MQL to make it easier to write checks against complex infrastructure.

#### Check strings using regexes

The `.contains()` helper can now search a string using a regex. You can use this to write powerful queries against resource data:

```coffeescript
cnquery> packages.where( name.contains(/libnginx-mod-.*-filter/) )
packages.where.list: [
  0: package name="libnginx-mod-http-image-filter" version="1.18.0-6.1+deb11u3"
  1: package name="libnginx-mod-http-xslt-filter" version="1.18.0-6.1+deb11u3"
]
```

#### Flatten nested arrays

Use the new `flat()` helper to flatten arrays that include nested arrays, so you can more easily check the contained values:

```coffeescript
> [[0],[[1, 2]], 3].flat
[0,1,2,3]
```

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Updated Linux distribution EOL data

It seems like every week a new Linux distribution comes out and that means existing distributions are reaching their end of life dates. We've added support for the latest new distributions and newly announced distribution end of life dates:

- Google COS 105 release and EOL dates
- openSUSE 15.5 release and EOL dates
- SLES 15.4 EOL date
- SLES 15.5 release date
- Ubuntu 23.10 release date

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Fix older registration tokens that were no longer able to register clients.
- Fix incorrect CVE scores on the Vulnerabilities console page.
- Improve default value output from `terraform.blocks` resource.
- Scan large container images on disk instead of in memory to prevent out-of-memory conditions with large images.
- Fix scanning of Kubernetes manifests that are piped to cnspec.
- Fix some policies not properly executing against container images.
- Fix the `Ensure IPv6 firewall rules exist for all open ports` and `Ensure firewall rules exist for all open ports` controls in the `CIS Distribution Independent Linux benchmark` policy to support loopback addresses other than 127.0.0.1.
