---
slug: mondoo-8.25-is-out/
title: Mondoo 8.25 is out!
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 8.25 is out! This release includes improvements to Compliance Hub, updated CIS Debian Linux 2.0 Benchmark, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Improved Compliance Hub experience

We've been busy this week rolling out fixes and improvements to make Compliance Hub an even better experience.

- The first exception on the compliance exceptions tab now automatically expands for easier viewing.
- Compliance control pages now include tooltips for the completion column.
- Controls listed in exceptions now link to the individual control pages.
- The completion column in control pages now supports ascending and descending sorting.
- The completion percentage shown for frameworks now better reflects progress.
- There are improved recommendations when there are no checks or assets in a control.
- Compliance completion bars in Firefox now size properly at all window dimensions.

### CIS Debian Linux 10 Benchmark 2.0

CIS Debian Linux 10 Benchmark is updated from 1.0 to 2.0. This is a massive update to the CIS benchmarks for Debian that includes the following changes:

- 38 controls now have improved descriptions, audit instructions, and remediation steps.
- 34 new controls now follow the "Ensure service X is not installed" method instead of "Ensure service X is disabled".
- 58 legacy controls have been removed, including the existing "Ensure service X is disabled" controls mentioned above.

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Don't show duplicate checks in the registry when a policy uses variants.
- Remove a black box displayed in the registry when a policy uses policy variants.
- Add three additional controls to the CIS Amazon Linux 2023 policies.
- Improved descriptions and remediation steps in the CIS Distribution Independent Linux Benchmark policies.
- Log errors for missing API support when scanning GCP organization and projects instead of failing.
- Give a unique name to `gcp-subnetwork` assets that includes the region in the name.
- Fix the grouping of GCP organizations and projects in the fleet view.
- Don't attempt to discover GCP projects that are marked for deletion.
- Don't detect GCP VM instances as VM images.
