---
slug: mondoo-9.4-is-out/
title: Mondoo 9.4 is out!
description: Announcing the 9.4 release of Mondoo, the security and compliance platform that prioritizes risks that matter most in your infrastructure.
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 9.4 is out! This release includes a number of new stability improvements, as well as a number of bug fixes.

Get this release: [Installation Docs](/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

We encourage you to upgrade to this release as soon as possible since it contains a number of stability improvements.

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

This release introduces a heartbeat for all providers, which guarantees that terminated providers don't leave behind stale processes in memory. It requires the use of v9.1.x or higher version for all providers. These will update automatically. If you have deactivate automatic updates, please manually update your providers. Please also make sure to update cnquery and cnspec to 9.4.0 since older version of cnquery and cnspec do not use the new heartbeat functionality.

To verify that you are on the latest version:

```
cnspec version
cnspec 9.4.0 (76a83f8, 2023-10-27T00:24:13Z)
```

To verify that all provider versions are greater than 9.1.0:

```
cnspec providers list

→ builtin (found 2 providers)

  core 9.1.0
  mock 9.0.0 with connectors: mock

→ /opt/mondoo/providers (found 6 providers)

  aws 9.1.0 with connectors: aws
  azure 9.1.0 with connectors: azure
  gcp 9.1.0 with connectors: gcp
  os 9.1.0 with connectors: local, ssh, winrm, vagrant, container, docker, filesystem
  terraform 9.1.0 with connectors: terraform
  vsphere 9.1.0 with connectors: vsphere
```

For Windows and Linux services we improved the reliability of the services for cases where cnspec crashes. This is achieved by making sure that the service does not restart too often. The default restart limit is 3 times.

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Fix `--asset-name` flag not setting asset names properly.
- Fix failures compiling query packs that used variants.
- Improve failures messages when MQL resources or fields cannot be found.
- Fix failures reading "Never" time in raw data JSON data.
