---
slug: mondoo-7.13-is-out/
title: Mondoo 7.13 is out!
description: Announcing the 7.13 release of Mondoo, the security and compliance platform that prioritizes risks that matter most in your infrastructure.
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 7.13 is out! This release includes new GCP and Azure resources and cnspec as a service!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### New OpenPGP resource

**Problem** You want to validate that OpenPGP keys for YUM or APT repositories have not expired.

**Solution** You can now use new OpenPGP resources to validate that repository signatures are still valid.

```coffee
cnquery>  parse.openpgp(path: "./expires.asc").all( identities.all( signatures.all( keyExpiresIn.days > 30 )))
[ok] value: true
```

Inspect OpenPGP keys with the following MQL query:

```coffee
parse.openpgp(path: "./expires.asc")  {
   primaryPublicKey { * }
   identities {
      id
      signatures { * }
   }
}
```

Result from `cnquery`

```coffee
cnquery> parse.openpgp(path: "./expires.asc")  { primaryPublicKey { * } identities { id signatures { * }  } }
parse.openpgp.list: [
  0: {
    primaryPublicKey: {
      id: "7312FA356E7DB13F"
      bitLength: 4096
      version: 4
      fingerprint: "07a453f8aea248e1e9b8eae27312fa356e7db13f"
      keyAlgorithm: "rsa"
      creationTime: 2023-01-14 17:24:58 +0100 CET
    }
    identities: [
      0: {
        id: "Test Expiration <test2@example.com>"
        signatures: [
          0: {
            keyAlgorithm: "rsa"
            version: 4
            keyExpiresIn: 363 days 23 hours 43 minutes 5 seconds
            identityName: "Test Expiration <test2@example.com>"
            signatureType: "positive_cert"
            hash: "SHA-256"
            creationTime: 2023-01-14 17:24:58 +0100 CET
            lifetimeSecs: -1
            expiresIn: null
            fingerprint: "07a453f8aea248e1e9b8eae27312fa356e7db13f"
            keyLifetimeSecs: 31449568
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

### New GCP and Azure resources

**Problem:** You want to explore and secure your GCP and Azure cloud accounts using cnquery and cnspec.

**Solution:** cnquery and cnspec now include new resources for securing GCP and Azure cloud services:

- NEW `azure.cloudDefender.defenderForContainers` resource
- NEW `azure.cloudDefender.defenderForServers` resource
- NEW `azure.resourceGroups` resource
- NEW `gcp.project.cloudFunctions` resource
- NEW `gcp.project.cloudRun` resource
- NEW `gcp.project.dataproc.clusters` resource
- NEW `gcp.project.iam.serviceAccounts` resource
- `gcp.bigquery` is now `gcp.project.bigquery`
- `gcp.compute` is now `gcp.project.compute`
- `gcp.dns` is now `gcp.project.dns`
- `gcp.project.compute.networks` now includes `subnetworks` data
- `gcp.project.compute.instances` now includes `confidentialInstanceConfig` data
- `gcp.project.dns.managedZones` now includes `dnssecConfig` data
- `gcp.project.kms.keyrings { cryptokeys { * } }` now includes `created`, `nextRotation`, `rotationPeriod`, `versionTemplate`, `labels`, `importOnly`, `destroyScheduledDuration`, and `cryptoKeyBackend` data
- `gcp.project` now includes `commonInstanceMetadata` data

See the full documentation for all GCP resources in our [GCP Resource Pack docs](/mql/resources/gcp-pack/) and [Azure Resource Pack docs](/mql/resources/azure-pack/).

### Run cnspec as a service

**Problem** You want to move from the existing Mondoo Client to the new and expanded cnspec client to scan your servers, but cnspec can't run as a service

**Solution** You can now run cnspec as a service to continuously scan servers and workstations. cnspec is our next-generation open source client with capabilities not found in the existing Mondoo command line interface (Mondoo Client). We highly recommend that you migrate your system to use this new and improved client as we begin the process of deprecating Mondoo Client.

[Learn about cnspec ->](/cnspec/cnspec-about/)

[Install cnspec ->](/cnspec/)

After deploying the cnspec package to your systems, you can migrate to the cnspec service with the following commands on systemd-based Linux hosts:

```bash
systemctl stop mondoo.service
systemctl disable mondoo.service
systemctl enable cnspec.service
systemctl start cnspec.service
```

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Ensure that `gcp.project.bigquery` resource IDs are always unique.
- Change the default values in `github.repository` from `id` to `fullName` to make it easier to find repositories.
- Print labels when running MQL queries that use variables inside blocks.
- Show an error instead of crashing if the config file contains malformed keys.
- Avoid a potential crash when running `cnspec login` on a fresh installation.
