---
slug: mondoo-11.12-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.12 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.12 release of Mondoo, with FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
image: /img/featured_img/release-feature.jpg
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.12 is out! This release includes FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Track and remediate vulnerabilities with cases

DEETS

### Manage compliance frameworks on the CLI

Whether you're iterating on a custom compliance framework locally or automating the management of frameworks stored in source control repos, the new `cnspec framework` command makes managing frameworks a breeze. Now you can list, download, upload, and change the state of frameworks entirely on the command line.

```text
Usage:
  cnspec framework [command]

Available Commands:
  active      Change a framework status to active
  download    Download a compliance framework
  list        List available compliance frameworks
  preview     Change a framework status to preview
  upload      Upload a compliance framework

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for framework

Global Flags:
      --api-proxy string   Set proxy for communications with Mondoo API
      --auto-update        Enable automatic provider installation and update (default true)
      --config string      Set config file path (default $HOME/.config/mondoo/mondoo.yml)
      --log-level string   Set log level: error, warn, info, debug, trace (default "info")
  -v, --verbose            Enable verbose output
```

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Rocky Linux Appstream advisories

Mondoo now includes Rocky Linux AppStream package advisories, so you can secure assets using AppStream to get the latest language and server releases with AppStream.

### Expanded Terraform policy support

Catch critical security issues before they reach production with expanded Terraform support in the CIS AWS Foundations and CIS GCP Foundations benchmark policies.

### Resource updates

#### aws.ec2.securitygroup.ippermission

- New `prefixListIds` field
- New `userIdGroupPairs` field

#### aws.iam.policy

- New `policyId` field to replace the now deprecated `id` field.

#### aws.rds.dbinstance

- New `subnets` field.

#### aws.vpc.routetable

- New `associations` field using the new `aws.vpc.routetable.associations` resource.

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Add asset overview information for the `k8s-service` platform.
- Add `services` to the discovery help in `cnspec scan k8s --help`.
- Allow users with organization permissions, but no space permissions to invite users to a space.
- Improved application of the CIS GitHub benchmark policy on individual repositories.
- Give discovered AWS ECR images a runtime value of "aws-ecr".
- Improve and expand checks in the CIS AKS benchmark policy.
- Improve handling of non-English Windows systems in Mondoo, BSI, and CIS policies.
- Update Mondoo, BSI, and CIS Windows policies to better handle settings defined via GPO.
- Improve reliability of some CIS checks on Debian 12 hosts.
- Fix EPSS score values in advisory and CVE summary boxes.
- Make the GitHub Enterprise URL optional during integration setup.
