---
slug: mondoo-11.26-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.26 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.26 release of Mondoo with FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!
authors: [tim]
image: /img/featured_img/mondoo-feature.jpg
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.26 is out! This release includes FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Scan filtering for AWS serverless integrations

DEETS

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### CIS certified Google Cloud Foundations benchmark

DEETS on the certification and the improvements

### Updated CIS Windows benchmarks

DEETS

### Improved policy risk display

DEETS on the new bar graph

### Improved block device scanning

https://github.com/mondoohq/cnquery/pull/4719

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Fix errors on the Software page versions graph if all risk severities are unchecked.
- Add a creation date column to ticketing integration lists.
- Don't display "Last scanned" on ticketing integration pages.
- Don't display the "Schedule Now" button on ticketing integration pages.
- Don't include the "Pause Scanning" menu option on ticketing integration pages.
- Improve display of affected assets on advisories, CVEs, and checks pages.
- Fix flickering of text fields on integration setup pages.
- Improve rendering of manual setup instructions on the Workstation integration setup page.
- Don't show "Base Score" in the score summary of CVEs or Advisories.
- Fix incorrect rendering of some tool tips on overview pages.
- Improve rendering of compliance progress bars at 0% progress.
- Improve reliability of advisories and MTTR values on the vulnerabilities overview page.
- Improve readability of markdown generated by Cases.
- Expand and improve help in cnquery and cnspec.
