---
slug: mondoo-12.33-is-out/
title: Mondoo 12.33 is out!
description: Announcing the 12.33 release of Mondoo with Cloudflare asset inventory, expanded Entra ID inspection, and more!
authors: [tim]
image: /img/featured_img/mondoo-feature.jpg
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 12.33 is out! This release includes Cloudflare asset inventory, expanded Entra ID inspection, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Explore Cloudflare services

Dive deep into your Cloudflare infrastructure with a new Cloudflare provider for cnquery/cnspec. Use this provider to gather information on key Cloudflare services:

- Accounts
- Zones
- DNS Records
- R2
- Zero Trust Apps
- Streams
- Videos
- Workers
- Pages

Example querying of DNS zones:

```coffee
cnquery run cloudflare -c "cloudflare.zones[1] { name dns { * } }"
cloudflare.zones[1]: {
  name: "lunalectric.com"
  dns: {
    records: [
      0: cloudflare.dns.record type="A" content="164.90.210.141" name="api.lunalectric.com"
      1: cloudflare.dns.record type="A" content="142.93.110.9" name="console.lunalectric.com"
      3: cloudflare.dns.record type="CNAME" content="console.lunalectric.com-pages.pages.dev" name="prod.lunalectric.com"
      7: cloudflare.dns.record type="MX" content="mail.protonmail.com" name="lunalectric.com"
      9: cloudflare.dns.record type="TXT" content="v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto:e60948910ee34fe61be5a6bf2c3fb@dmarc-reports.cloudflare.net,mailto:dmark@lunalectric.com" name="_dmarc.lunalectric.com"
      11: cloudflare.dns.record type="AAAA" content="100::" name="meet.lunalectric.com"
    ]
  }
}
```

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Resource updates

### aws.ecr.image

- New `lastRecordedPullTime` field
- New `pushedAt` field
- New `sizeInBytes` field

#### microsoft.user

- New `creationType` field
- New `identities` field using the new `microsoft.user.identity` resource
- New `auditlog` field using the new `microsoft.user.auditlog` resource

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Improve default output of the `github.repository.adminCollaborators` resource.
- Improve default output of the `github.organization.packages` resource.
- Fix macOS process resource executable values to align with the output from Linux systems.
- Add the EOL date for Fedora 41 and update dates for 40 and 39 to match the latest published information from the Fedora Project.
- Improve cleanup of inactive assets in large organizations.
- Fix missing compliance check mappings for some frameworks.
- Add the missing query `Ensure permissions on /etc/group.old are configured` to the CIS SUSE Linux Enterprise 11 Benchmark policy.
- Improve reliability of aggregate score generation on dashboards.
- Add `Ensure port-level configuration overrides are disabled` and `Ensure Virtual Distributed Switch NetFlow traffic is sent to an authorized collector` checks to CIS VMware ESXi 6.7 and 7.0 benchmark policies.
- Add an asset group for Kubernetes Namespace assets.
