---
slug: mondoo-11.22-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.22 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.22 release of Mondoo with FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!
authors: [tim, chip]
image: DEETS
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.22 is out! This release includes FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Cases, Cases, Cases!

CHIP TO DEETS HERE

### Microsoft Entra ID policy

Secure your Microsoft Entra ID (previously Active Directory) with our new Mondoo Microsoft Entra ID Security policy. This policy includes essential checks to keep your directory data secure.

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### New checks in the CIS Azure Foundations benchmark policy

Harden your Microsoft Azure subscriptions with expanded checks in the CIS Azure Foundations Benchmark policy. This policy now ensures that Azure Key Vault rotation is configured and AppService HTTP logs are enabled.

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Improve rendering of complex remediation text in CIS policies.
- Fix the alignment of the Start Scanning and Browse Integration buttons in new spaces.
- Improve handling of SMBIOS data on Windows to prevent errors displaying in the asset overview.
- Fix failures to scan more than 100 S3 buckets at a time.
- Resolve an AWS serverless integration error shown in the console integration details page.
- Improve the rendering of some CVE descriptions.
- Update AWS policies to use the latest RDS MQL resources.
- Install cnspec from install.mondoo.com instead of mondoo.com during Azure VM scans.
- Fix false negatives when checking bootloader config on Linux distributions based on RHEL 9.
- Skip GDM and firewalld checks when those packages aren't installed on Linux distributions based on RHEL 9.
- Fix policy pages in the registry to display all checks when policies include duplicate check names.
- Don't include asset, policies, or checks counts in ticket system integration pages.
- Improve consistency of letter score calculations.
- Add EOL detection support for FreeBSD 13.4.
- Fix auto-closing of Jira tickets when all Mondoo assets have been deleted.
