---
slug: mondoo-11.0-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.0 is out!
author: Tim Smith
author_title: Mondoo Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/tas50
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.0 is out! This release includes Firewatch, our new risk prioritization system!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Introducing Mondoo Firewatch

#### Expose risks that compromise assets

RISK DEETS

#### Prioritize findings with a whole new space experience

FIDGET SPINNER DEETS

#### Learn More

For a deeper look at what we do and how it works, read our [Firewatch blog post](https://mondoo.com/blog/mondoo-firewatch).

## 🔨 BREAKING CHANGES

### End of life for cnspec/cnquery 9.x

With the release of cnspec and cnquery 11.0, we are no longer supporting our legacy 9.x releases. This does not mean your clients will immediately stop working. However, we will start updating policies to use new MQL capabilities introduced in version 10.0. These changes will improve the readability of queries as well as the scan output, but they are not compatible with older clients. If you need assistance with upgrading older clients, please reach out via our [Support form](https://mondoo.com/support).

### New default JSON CLI output

cnspec's `--json` flag now uses our updated `json-2` output format by default. If you rely on the original json output you can still set that with the `--output json-2` flag.

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Windows 11 compatibility policy

Enable the new Windows 11 Compatibility policy to see if existing Windows workstations meet the hardware requirements for Windows 11. This policy includes several different checks for CPU, RAM, TPM, and hard drive space requirements. To learn more about these hardware requirements, read Microsoft's [Windows 11 Specs & System Requirements](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-11-specifications) page.

### CIS Azure Foundations 2.1.0

Mondoo now includes the latest CIS Azure Foundations 2.1.0 benchmarks. This new release of the policy includes 82 total updates including 7 all new checks and the removal of 8 checks that are no longer relevant.

### Console performance improvements

No one wants to wait for web pages to load. That's why we sprinkled some magical optimizations on how the console fetches space and asset data to make sure pages are always snappy to load.

### Updated Mondoo Microsoft Azure Security policy

The Mondoo Microsoft Azure Security policy has been rewritten from the ground up with new and expanded queries that match the latest Azure capabilities including Microsoft's Entra ID.

### Additional organization owner privileges

Organization owners are no longer required to be space owners in order to remove users from a space.

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Skip CIS Linux checks for at and cron to skip if packages are not installed.
- Improve query output of CIS at and cron checks using variants.
- Update macOS policy to not fail if OS configuration files are missing.
- Improve memory usage when scanning large numbers of assets.
- Improve query output in the Mondoo HTTP policy.
- Improve reliability of VM scanning in Azure.
- Display check counts when a policy has over 100 checks.
- Add bread crumbs to check pages to take you back to the policy or security page.
- Sort scores on the asset pages from worst to best score.
- Improve the performance of the `aws.cloudtrails.trail` and `aws.ec2.instance` resources.
