---
slug: mondoo-11.40-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.40 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.40 release of Mondoo with FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!
authors: [tim]
image: DEETS
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.40 is out! This release includes FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Import findings from SentinelOne and CrowdStrike Falcon

Unify your security findings with Mondoo! Stop wasting your time compiling and comparing data from multiple security tools and reconciling duplicate findings. Mondoo can now import data from SentinelOne and CrowdStrike Falcon.

![/img/releases/2025-02-04-mondoo-11.40-is-out/3rd-party.png]

With these integrations, you can take advantage of Mondoo's security visualization, prioritization, and ticketing capabilities. Consolidating the data in Mondoo Platform lets you understand your biggest risks and make the most impactful changes.

Mondoo includes SentinelOne and CrowdStrike data alongside findings from Mondoo's own scans, and deduplicates so you don't have to.

![/img/releases/2025-02-04-mondoo-11.40-is-out/3rd-party.png]

You get the benefit of multiple tools&mdash;eliminating security gaps&mdash;without the management headache. Best of all, the Mondoo Console gives you a big-picture view of your security posture.

### SOME REPORTS THING

DEETS

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Goodbye cases, hello tickets

We love customer feedback and are grateful when we can make changes driven by our users. When we learned that the name of _cases_, our task tracking capability, wasn't clear to everyone, we acted. Cases are now Mondoo _tickets_.

![/img/releases/2025-02-04-mondoo-11.40-is-out/add-ticket.png]

Ticketing still has all the same capabilities that have made this feature a game-changer for so many of our customers: seamless integration with your external issue tracking platform, remediation details in the ticket, and a user experience that saves you countless hours of work. All we changed is what we call them!

### Create workspaces with Terraform

DEETS

### Resource updates

#### gcp.project.gke.cluster

- New `releaseChannel` field

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Improve provider command-line help for gcp, k8s, network, os, terraform, vcd, vsphere.
- Fix incorrect detection of Python packages when common Python directories aren't present.
- Fix regions specific with the `--filters` flag in the aws provider being ignored.
- Fix GCP labels missing from asset search box filtering and workspaces setup.
- Handle permission denied messages when fetching the GCP resource's parent organization.
- Fix a panic during GKE discovery due to handling of `threadsPerCore` field on GKE project nodePool config.
- Fix failures in MQL using the `.contains` helper with `dict` type data.
- Improve readability of risk factor icons in some result tables.
